WIP: First draft for improced docs (#48)
purbon/kafka-topology-builder: docs/example-yaml.rst

Example for a descriptor file
*******************************

> The acutal topology will be defined then in a yaml file like the ones to be found in the example folder of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual topology will be defined in one, or more yaml files. Examples can be  found in the example folder of the project.
```

> The following examples will try and explain the actual functionality a bit more in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples will explain the actual functionality a bit more in detail.
```

First Example - Deploying topics only
-----------

.. literalinclude:: ../example/descriptor_only_topics.yaml
  :language: YAML

This descriptor will create the two topics specified in the topics list.
The naming of actual topics follows this scheme:

``team_name = team + source(if given) + topic.name + topic.dataType(if given)``

> The config can contain any parameters that are allowed for topic-creation via admin-client (https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config can contain any parameters as described in the documentation (https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs)
```

In this very example you will get the following topics:

- planetexpress.source.natas.foo

> - planetexpress.source.natas.avro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- planetexpress.source.natas.bar.avro
```

> Second Example - Deploying topics with project wide ACLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second Example - Deploying topics with  ACLs
```

-----------

> Going on step further one can also create project-wide ACLs for topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going one step further one can also create ACLs for topics
```
